the start of next week against the sport this Saturday once again of
week
I'm going to give the doctor I'm not a dissident.
up what teaches
because this is the opening of a carioca and in January of this year decided to take the
road on top of a roller-skate I went to meet this Brazilian
who do not swim pure
and sport
thorn adventurous wow
crazy why is this
Tagalog
he will be amazed that's how he likes to be called the 'death group'
said the taipei scholarship of the americas his father wild in
box-high the Palestinian issue canopy with loss of appetite and new york
with the money the truth can even hear playboy adventurous carioca 51 years
now that's what rhythm
started a new airport in the extreme north of Brazil has already passed the alleys
Macapá lay the carola de barbada Bethlehem he came through the capitals of the
one person only
a day after the request to save the lives of drugs
this project of orienting and fomenting the sport practice
the association's association says it is seeing the dollar's future despite having
many of these world titles are
will be an Olympic sport in the most peaks in football we lose only
per
the indoor soccer and sport events
eto'o is picking up the species that had few friendships
his house during the trip
with that who had special full of secrets
here you have
São Paulo proof and posters closed the door and vitamin C of the total delivery
according to augustin
there's the one you're a girl used in the socket division
military is super bonder capable
in my school supplies
the helmet
felt that I had to get to the octaves in the edition
the title was forced to drink wine
enough because they know that these people's land does not
break up at the bistro
I had to listen to music, I got the nickname, I'm not going to put the crisis here.
and then why this steel structure there
a crazy denture like this just might catch everyone's eye
load the lancenet
I wanted to kill
this is working a lot in this respect I will not try to know how to use
the track banned at the height of the head of dilma rousseff
last year the wife and mother
from joão pessoa
the adventurer still shaken by the main capitals of the country until the
South end of Brazil
and I finish this opening I give consulting in argentina
in total will be 13 thousand kilometers on customers
the journey that should only end at the end of the year
before taking the road again the record of our team is also good
for the daily advanced
but we stayed here does not have this game the good trip
and good luck to us the openness and respect
everything was missing now in Brazil
I want it to be understood as a way to help the sporting had not
appropriate answers
very cool for me and marcelo cabral congratulations for the work that is
making
of magalhães made by Brazil is a great adventure but it is in good sport
lucky in those three thousand kilometers each teacher so far who speaks to
people on the internet